In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
♪ Don't you stop dancing to the music, ♪
♪ baby, yeah, it's like a miracle ♪
♪ Don't you stop dancing to the music ♪
♪ The music, ♪
♪ Oh, it's just a miracle ♪
♪ Don't you stop dancing to the music ♪
And that was Clara Nightingale's
hit single Big Bang for us!
-Wow! That girl is incredible!
-I love her!
She's totally passionate about her art!
Clara, in a few months
you've become an international sensation
with your singing and style!
Apparently, you sing and dance
in your sleep! Do you ever stop?
Never, you see!
Dancing and singing are everything to me!
And I'm happy to share the joy
of song and dance
to the amazing people of France!
See that, Tikki? She's a true artist!
You've come to Paris to film the video
for your next song, titled...
Miraculous!
Huh?
I really admire and adore
Ladybug and Cat Noir.
An homage to them I wanted to pay,
because they inspire me every single day!
Aaah! She's going to be doing
a song about me? I mean, Ladybug!
Oh, I'm so excited I could... faint!
Auditions will be held
at the Grand Palais hotel, right?
I hear you've already found
a Cat Noir.
-Care to share the news?
-My lips are sealed!
But soon he'll be revealed.
We must still cast Ladybug and extras,
by the way,
-so come on out and audition today!
-[phone rings]
Aaah!
Marinette, did you hear that?
We're heading over to audition,
and you're coming, too!
So don't pull a "Marinette special" on us,
OK?
And miss my chance to meet
Clara Nightingale in the flesh? No way!
-I'll meet you there!
-See ya!
You're not auditioning
for the role of Ladybug are you?
Of course not! We just wanna have some fun
as extras in the video.
I'd never reveal my secret identity!
All right, then, Marinette!
I'm proud of you!
It will be a promotion for the opening
of our stores in Korea and China.
-You don't have a choice.
-But Father!
I've designed her costumes
from the start.
My suggestion of using you pleased her.
She's only seen you in advertisements,
but admires you a lot.
I'm hoping you won't let us down.
Of course not, Father.
Extras on the left.
Auditionees for Ladybug on the right.
Great choice of fabric...
and these seams... Amazing craftsmanship!
There's no way I can wear this!
Yeah, I've always found that little bell
so ridiculous! Then again...
the costume is what you really wanted
deep down, isn't it?
No, Plagg! I mean everyone's
going to realise I'm the real Cat Noir!
No way! People are blind!
[knock on door]
You ready, Adrien?
Uh... Coming! Just a sec!
If they see me with this mask on,
they'll recognise me!
I can't wear it!
Right, now, I'm going to try to act
as lame as I possibly can.
Hopefully, they'll have to replace me.
[gasps]
Thank you for coming, all of you!
This is like a dream come true!
Together, we'll all dance and sing!
It's going to be so awesome and amazing!
We're going to be in Clara Nightingale's
music video! This is humungous!
I can't believe this is happening!
And now, meet our rising star,
Adrien and Cat Noir!
The costume fits you like a glove,
as I knew it would.
-But where is your mask?
-Uh... I couldn't find it anywhere!
I'll take care of it!
It's no biggie. It's OK.
We don't need it for tryouts anyway.
Come on!
Didn't I tell you that Adrien
looked a little bit like Cat Noir?
Oh, whatever!
He's a thousand times
more amazing than Cat Noir!
Miaow.
You must be starving
from all this waiting!
Oh, look! She's coming in our direction!
Ah, there you are!
Here's a hug, because you are Ladybug!
[gasp]
I have no idea what you're talking about!
You did what Ladybug would have.
Just the same.
Your heart is pure like hers.
-What's your name?
-Uh... Ma... Marinette!
Marinette, say it's so,
will you please play Ladybug in my video?
Yes! She'd be awesome!
Go, Marinette! You deserve it!
That's so nice of you.
And... I'm one of you hugest fans!
But I came here to be an extra
with my friends
and I really want to stay with them.
[gasp]
That's a pity, a shame,
but I understand, it's true.
That's a very cool gesture,
very "Ladybug" of you.
Just sit over there, for make-up, OK?
I'll ask your friends
to be sent over right away.
Oh! Thank you, thank you!
Good job, Marinette!
You didn't give in to the temptation!
You're crazy!
You turned down filming with Adrien
to be with us?
You really are the best!
Thank you all for coming!
You can go home now!
Uh... Heads up!
Brat alert in the immediate vicinity!
Don't worry. Chloé doesn't
a stand a chance of being chosen.
Wow! What's happening to you today?
I have to bow before so much wisdom!
That's right. From now on,
the name's Master Marinette Dupain-Cheng!
[laughter]
Your "Ladybug" has arrived.
So, when does the shoot begin?
Chloé, everyone has to audition,
you know that!
Oh, yeah! That little formality.
[cheering]
Ah... Ha, ha! It's been a while!
Eight years of private classes
with Aurélie Dupont from the Opera!
I know. I'm breathtaking!
You've definitely
got enough talent for me.
But you and Cat Noir have to be
a good match, you see?
No problem! Adrikins and I have known
each other since we were little!
The son of the greatest fashion designer
and the daughter of the mayor of Paris.
That would be just perfect.
Grr.
Is there a problem, Master Dupain-Cheng?
Chloé playing Ladybug? No way!
Not gonna happen!
Oh? That bothers you more
than not being with Adrien in the video?
Uh... if I were Ladybug, I wouldn't want
a brat like Chloé playing me!
What do you think, Gabriel?
Hmm. Artistically speaking,
the other girl would have been ideal.
But it's time to start.
-We'll make do with Miss Bourgeois.
-I trust you.
Woohoo! We're both going to be
in a music video, Adrikins!
Or should I say "Adri-Cat"?
Hee, hee! Get it? Adri-Cat?
Adri-Cat... Yeah... Ha, ha!
Hey, wait!
I've changed my mind.
I do want be Ladybug!
Awesome! This will be the best video yet!
Thank you, thank you, Marinette!
I'm really sorry, what's-your-name,
but you can still be an extra
if you're game!
What? You want me to be a mere extra?
Ridiculous! Utterly ridiculous!
Oh! Stop annoying me
with that stupid, dumb bear, Jean-Eudes!
[gasps]
Hmm.
Ooh! Great choice of fabric...
And these seams... Amazing craftsmanship!
Almost like the real thing,
don't you think?
Yeah, it's too well done! Oh, wow, Tikki!
I've really messed up this time!
If they see me with this mask on,
they'll all recognise me, for sure!
-There's no way I can wear it!
-You ready, Marinette?
Yes! I'm coming!
-There she is!
-Woohoo!
Spot on and spotlight!
-So, you're Ladybug and Cat Noir, right?
-No!
[both] Uh? Oh, yes! Ha, ha! Uh...
But sweetie, there's no way
we can cancel the shoot now!
I'm going to call Mom and tell her
how all my dreams have been crushed.
Aaah! Let's not disturb our queen
for such a little matter,
right, my little princess?
One... two... and three!
Your dance moves need to be
synchronised if you can.
So you'll need to hold each other
by the hand.
OK. [nervous laugh]
[laughter] Not like that!
Don't be shy. Like lovers do.
-Give it a try.
-[gasp]
Marinette's jaw will drop
when she sees these pics!
Oh! I can't believe how much they look
like the real Ladybug and Cat Noir!
One final task, put on the mask!
-Uh! Well...
-Uh! I didn't see it. I looked everywhere
-in the dressing room, but it was...
-nowhere to be found!
[laughter]
They don't look a thing
like Ladybug and Cat Noir now!
It's OK! I've found them!
[gasp]
Go ahead, put them on, you two!
We've got a lot
of singing and dancing to do!
-Woohoo!
-Come on!
I'm sorry,
but my staff just realised
you never submitted permit A-38
as stipulated in the circular B-65
that one can only get at counter C, which
is closed for renovations until August.
Which means you don't have a permit
for the shoot anywhere in France.
-I... I don't understand.
-It means no more dancing,
no more singing today.
The Nightingale
can spread her wings and fly away!
Oh! Did you hear that? I made a rhyme!
How talented am I?
No! The video needs to be shot here,
in Paris, the capital of love,
the city of Ladybug and Cat Noir!
This ruins all of my plans!
I'm so sorry, my beloved fans!
[sobs]
Ah! Tears of disenchantment.
Such sweet music to my ears!
Fly away, my little akuma,
and evilise her!
Frightningale, I am Hawk Moth.
So they tried to silence you?
With the power I'm giving you, the world
will be nothing but song and dance!
Yes, Hawk Moth, thank you
for making this dream come true!
The show is over.
You all have to leave now!
[cackles]
Sing, dance or rhyme.
Or you'll be frozen in no time!
Ugh! What is she talking about?
Dancing and making rhymes?
Why not play the trumpet too,
while we're at it?
[gasp] Chloé, hon--
[evil laugh]
Please, please! I'll keep up this rhyme!
Don't make me freeze! Not this time!
Oh, bravo! And you've got the right tempo!
[screaming]
Time to transform!
Tikki! Spots on!
Yeah!
Ready to vocalise?
Plagg! Claws out!
Sing, dance or rhyme
or you'll be frozen in no time!
I thought you were a fan of ours,
Nightingale,
-so you should know we fight villains!
-I'm Frightningale from here on out!
For ever and ever, there's no doubt!
If you stand in my way,
there'll be a price to pay!
You have to come round!
Don't let negative emotions take you over!
Song and dance will make the world
a better place! Don't agree with me?
Ha! Then you're a disgrace!
I can help you, if you give me your akuma!
I won't let you take my akuma away.
I like the new me and I'm here to stay!
Do you mind if I join in the dance?
You're like all the others,
but you can't silence me!
I'm trying to make the world better,
can't you see?
Strike them, Frightningale!
It'll be easier to overpower them
if they have to sing and dance.
Then no one can interfere
with your dream.
Now is your chance!
Do you think the two of you
can win this through and through?
Two is always better than one!
Cat Noir! I'll take the left!
I'm on it!
-Hey! Look out!
-Oops! Sorry, Milady!
Welcome to my musical show!
I hope it will be your fatal blow!
[evil laugh]
Wait! Stay right here and dance
or else you'll be frozen...
without a chance!
Yeah, you're right, we have to rhyme!
Not so easy... all the time?
-[sighs]
-Nice work.
Ladybug and Cat Noir cannot fight back!
They are be to busy singing and dancing,
while we're on the attack.
Now hurry, my sweet Nightingale,
it's both of their Miraculous that I lack.
Hawk Moth, you bet. Miraculous you'll get!
Stay in charge, don't blow a fuse!
Don't forget your dancing moves!
Dancing fight moves...
like my Capoeira grooves!
Ha, ha! Why is Cat Noir so dumb?
He doesn't even know
50 plus 50 as a sum!
-Yes, I do! The dummy is you! It's--
-50 plus 50 is 102!
-Huh?
-Your maths is crazy. Count again, Milady.
50 plus 50, the sum doesn't rhyme!
One more false move
and you're trapped, big time!
I almost made a serious boo-boo,
but I didn't, thanks to you!
You think you two are being so clever,
but soon you'll tire yourselves
and be frozen forever!
It's not in our favour, at a glance,
because we constantly have to advance
while keeping up the song and dance.
We can leave nothing to chance!
Sweet bugaboo, I agree,
but what possible plan do you see?
Our last weapon can do her harm.
It is my... Lucky Charm!
What is this thrown our way?
Handcuffs, I would say...
We know we have to stop her,
but what solution do you offer?
Hmm.
They're not for her. They're meant for us!
Now, Cat Noir, do your stuff!
-What's with the frown? What's going down?
-I can't find a rhyme.
-Can you help me this time?
-You're a sweet talker,
rhymer, dancer and walker!
Look at the bright side today.
Don't be pessimistic
and make way...
For optimism!
Cataclysm!
Connected, we are one.
Our movements are synched,
so let's get a move on,
because we are linked!
As if we were dancing without thought,
take this shot!
By any chance,
will you grant me this dance?
Let's cut a rug, Miladybug!
You can't bend the rules!
Dancing tied up is cheating, fools!
When someone's akumatised,
we never compromise!
You're feeling unsteady.
You know you've lost already!
Miraculous Ladybug!
No more evil-doing for you, little akuma!
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly.
-Pound it!
-Ladybug? Cat Noir?
-What are you doing here?
You were akumatised by Hawk Moth.
But everything's back to normal again.
I was saved by you?
How amazing! Too good to be true!
And I have an idea how you can finish your
video without anyone getting in your way.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous ♪
-It's so much better like this!
Now everybody gets to be in it!
Besides, even though they kinda looked
like Ladybug and Cat Noir,
-they really weren't believable.
-I couldn't agree more.
And I wouldn't have had any fun.
It was so much better being with you guys!
I prefer this version too. I couldn't have
pulled off playing Cat Noir.
I know! Worlds apart!
Huh?
Uh, what I meant was, that you'd be
more lame as Cat Noir than in real life.
No, not that you're lame in real life,
right? Just compared to Cat Noir.
You don't look a thing like him.
That's what I mean!
And you don't look a thing
like Ladybug either!
Uh... Yeah! I mean,
I'm sure she's not as funny as you are!
[laughter]
Yeah.